As part of the effort to push extreme leftist propaganda in the nation’s high schools, a new history textbook published by Pearson Education called, “By the People: A History of the United States,” describes President Trump as mentally ill and his supporters as racists, Todd Starnes reported on Tuesday.  The book is reportedly going to be used to indoctrinate Advanced Placement students.

“Most thought that Trump was too extreme a candidate to win the nomination, but his extremism, his anti-establishment rhetoric, and, some said, his not very hidden racism connected with a significant number of primary voters,” the author said in a section titled, “The Angry Election of 2016.”

Starnes adds:

The author goes on to describe the president’s supporters as “mostly older, often rural or suburban, and overwhelmingly white.”

“Clinton’s supporters feared that the election had been determined by people who were afraid of a rapidly developing ethnic diversity of the country, discomfort with their candidate’s gender and nostalgia for an earlier time in the nation’s history,” the textbook reads. “They also worried about the mental stability of the president-elect and the anger that he and his supporters brought to the nation.”

In other words, Advanced Placement students are going to be taught that President Trump is mentally insane and his supporters are a bunch of irredeemable deplorables. Such descriptions would be laughable, but this garbage is being shoved into the minds of impressionable American teenagers.

Worse yet, a Pearson spokesperson defended the textbook, claiming it underwent “rigorous peer review to ensure academic integrity.”

Translation: A bunch of rabidly anti-Trump leftist “educators” reviewed a pile of steaming anti-Trump crap and approved it so other rabidly anti-Trump “educators” could use it to indoctrinate our children.

“This work is designed to convey college-level information to high school students and meet specific Advanced Placement standards. It aims to promote debate and critical thinking by presenting multiple sides of historical issues and offering a broad survey of arguments from the 2016 presidential election and other recent topics. We have reviewed the passages in question independently and in the context of the rest of the book. This review has confirmed that the text offers a broad view of critical arguments from both sides of the 2016 presidential election,” the statement from Pearson said.

But not everyone is impressed with this blatant piece of propaganda.

“Let’s be clear: This is overt political propaganda being scooped into the most capable students’s minds under the guise of education. Even if they don’t accept its messages entirely, studying this wastes time that young people deserve to be spending getting actually educated,” said The Federalist’s Joy Pullman.

Warner Todd Huston tells us “this is how the left is destroying our system of education, dumbing down and indoctrinating our students, and undermining this country.”

And, Powerline says, the book is scheduled to hit classes in 2020, just in time for the elections.  How convenient is that?

“The book’s hateful insinuations and assertions about Trump and those who voted for him are unacceptable in a text used to teach high school students American History. Any school in which the book is used should be the target of vigorous protests,” Paul Mirengoff further said. “The political blowback should be fierce.”

We agree.

If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so.  You can also follow us on Twitter at @co_firing_line.  Facebook is now doing everything it can to stifle conservative content, so please be sure to check out our MeWe page here, check us out at ProAmerica Only and the new social site, Hardcore Conservatives.

If you appreciate independent conservative reports like this, please go here and support us on Patreon and get your conservative pro-Trump gear here.

While you’re at it, be sure to check out our friends at Whatfinger News, the Internet’s conservative front-page founded by ex-military!