I have spent the last couple of days scratching my head, wondering my Supreme Court Justice Kennedy would retire at this important time in American history. I went so far as to think that perhaps he had an extramarital affair and Trump, wanting to re-stack the court, threatened to expose it if Kennedy wouldn’t step down.

But now we find out the truth, and it is so, so much darker.

At a time when no other bank would loan President Donald Trump because of his troubled business history, Deutsche bank had reportedly loaned POTUS over $1 billion to fund his real-estate projects.

Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy’s son, Justin Kennedy was the global head of the bank’s real-estate division at that time. He was also a close business associate to Trump for more than 12 years.

In 2017, after Trump made his first speech at the congress he was filmed telling Kennedy, “say hello to your boy — special guy,” referring to his son, Justin Kennedy.

And the boy was surely special to Trump and his business deals.

The real-estate mogul had an inconsistent track record comprised of bankruptcies and lawsuits — yet, he was able to get a massive loan from the bank because during Justin’s tenure.

Trump reportedly constructed and renovated skyscrapers and other developments in Chicago and New York with that money.

According to Trump’s latest financial disclosures, he still owes the bank $175 million.

Justice Kennedy jolted the country after he announced retirement at the last day of his term. This move was disappointing for liberals who hoped the Justice won’t put Trump in a position to name his successor.

Kennedy sided with the conservative majority in a number of important cases, including Trump’s travel and abortion rights.

After his retirement, the president is now in a position of selecting Kennedy’s replacement. Trump would reportedly make a selection form a “pre-made” list made by the Trump administration while considering people for court. Naturally, Trump would now select a justice who would work on his special interests and satisfy his base ahead of the midterm elections.

The giant German lender was hit with about $630 million in penalties on over a $10 billion Russian money-laundering scheme that involved its Moscow, New York and London branches.

It follows a $7.2 billion settlement Deutsche Bank reached with the U.S. Department of Justice last month over toxic mortgage assets and the $2.5 billion it agreed to pay in 2015 over interest rate manipulation.

A Supreme Court Justice is now ensnared in Donald Trump’s Russian money laundering scheme. The swamp could not get any deeper.

How American.