(Tea Party PAC) – They’re already rewriting the history of the Trump administration and he hasn’t even finished his first term.

We should have known this would happen. They’ve been absolutely lying to our faces about his presidency the entire time, why wouldn’t they already be publishing textbooks with the same narrative?

A history textbook published by Pearson Education called “By the People: A History of the United States,” describes the President as mentally ill, and his supporters as racist, Todd Starnes reported this week.

The book is reportedly going to be used for Advanced Placement students in high school.

“Most thought that Trump was too extreme a candidate to win the nomination, but his extremism, his anti-establishment rhetoric, and, some said, his not very hidden racism connected with a significant number of primary voters,” the author writes in a section titled, “The Angry Election of 2016.”

Starnes writes:

The author goes on to describe the president’s supporters as “mostly older, often rural or suburban, and overwhelmingly white.”

“Clinton’s supporters feared that the election had been determined by people who were afraid of a rapidly developing ethnic diversity of the country, discomfort with their candidate’s gender and nostalgia for an earlier time in the nation’s history,” the textbook reads. “They also worried about the mental stability of the president-elect and the anger that he and his supporters brought to the nation.”

In other words, Advanced Placement students are going to be taught that President Trump is mentally insane and his supporters are a bunch of irredeemable deplorables. Such descriptions would be laughable, but this garbage is being shoved into the minds of impressionable American teenagers.

Pearson is defending the textbook, claiming that it underwent “rigorous peer review to ensure academic integrity.”

Well, isn’t that a shock.

“Translation: A bunch of rabidly anti-Trump leftist ‘educators’ reviewed a pile of steaming anti-Trump crap and approved it so other rabidly anti-Trump ‘educators’ could use it to indoctrinate our children,” notes Conservative Firing Line.

“This work is designed to convey college-level information to high school students and meet specific Advanced Placement standards. It aims to promote debate and critical thinking by presenting multiple sides of historical issues and offering a broad survey of arguments from the 2016 presidential election and other recent topics. We have reviewed the passages in question independently and in the context of the rest of the book. This review has confirmed that the text offers a broad view of critical arguments from both sides of the 2016 presidential election,” the statement from Pearson explained.

Naturally, the textbook is facing harsh scrutiny for being a steaming pile of blatant leftist propaganda.

“Let’s be clear: This is overt political propaganda being scooped into the most capable student’s minds under the guise of education. Even if they don’t accept its messages entirely, studying this wastes time that young people deserve to be spending getting actually educated,” said The Federalist’s Joy Pullman.

While Warner Todd Huston wrote that “this is how the left is destroying our system of education, dumbing down and indoctrinating our students, and undermining this country.”

Oh, and get this: the book is scheduled to hit classrooms in 2020.

Just in time for the elections.

How convenient.

“The book’s hateful insinuations and assertions about Trump and those who voted for him are unacceptable in a text used to teach high school students American History. Any school in which the book is used should be the target of vigorous protests,” Paul Mirengoff noted “The political blowback should be fierce.”

Sounds about right! What do you think?