The highly controversial Aspartame has been regarded by some as one of the most dangerous ingredients used in our food supply – while “official” sources continue to maintain its safety and continue not to mention the “negative” studies.

Aspartame has in fact been linked to seizures and a host of other major health issues including fatal cardiovascular events in women. Recent studies (we’ve found them!) have shown that not only does artificial sweetener intake have an association with diabetes, it also increases the risk for heart, kidney, and brain damage.

But these are not the only negative studies: In 1967, Dr. Harold Waisman, a biochemist at the University of Wisconsin, conducted aspartame safety tests on infant monkeys on behalf of the Searle Company. Of the seven monkeys that were being fed aspartame mixed with milk, one dies and five others have grand mal seizures.

A toxin by any other name… the dangers of Aspartame have been known for quite some time now. It is an artificial sweetener with a spectacularly bad track record but is still found in many of the foods we consume daily including “diet” beverages, chewing gum, breakfast cereals, and even preserves.

It’s important to know what you are eating – and important to understand the way marketing works: In a move to cover up it’s bad reputation, aspartame may be disguised as a new name in your favorite foods – aminosweet.

Used as a sugar substitute and often marketed under the brand names Nutrasweet or Equal, aspartame is regarded as an excitotoxin. Its use has been mired in controversy since the 1980s when the CEO of Searle, Donald Rumsfeld, pushed for its approval. Now, its name is being changed with FDA approval, will millions more be tricked into purchasing and consuming this toxin once again?

Aspartame, even renamed Amino Sweet, is made (astonishingly) using genetically modified bacteria in the USA. In the European Union, it is codified as food additive E951.

Note: because its breakdown products include phenylalanine, aspartame must be avoided by people with the genetic condition phenylketonuria (PKU).