The Bermuda Triangle (sometimes also referred to as the Devil’s Triangle) is a region in the western part of the North Atlantic Ocean, notorious worldwide for making ships mysteriously disappear into the ether. Yet, occasionally, this enigmatic stretch of ocean is known to produce something, as strangely as it takes them.

One such bizarre event occurred quite recently when the Cuban authorities noticed a ship near a restricted military zone, west of Havana. After several unsuccessful attempts were made to communicate with the crew, they mobilized three patrol boats to intercept it.

When authorities reached the ship, they could immediately tell it was abandoned and extremely rusty. First responders estimated that the ship was at least 100 years old, and quickly identified it as the SS Cotopaxi, the tramp freighter that was lost to the Bermuda Triangle in 1925.

After an exhaustive search of the ship, the captain’s logbook was discovered. However, even though it was indeed connected with the Clinchfield Navigation Company, the owners of the SS Cotopaxi, it hasn’t brought any clue in terms of what happened to the ship over the last 90 years.

According to Cuban expert, Rodolfo Salvador Cruz, the captain’s logbook is authentic. He claims the document contains precious information about the life of the crew before the ship disappeared, but the entries suddenly stop on December 1, 1925.

The SS Cotopaxi left from Charleston, South Carolina on November 29th in 1925, and headed towards Havana, Cuba. There were 32 men aboard the freighter, under the command of Captain W. J. Meyer. The ship was carrying a cargo of 2340 tons of coal and it was reported missing two days later. Then, almost 90 years later the ship reached its destination, only without the crew, coal or any explanation about what happened.

General Abelardo Colomé, the Vice President of Council of Ministers, announced that the Cuban authorities were definitely going to do a thorough investigation in order to shed light on the mysterious disappearance and reappearance of the ship.

“It is very important for us to understand what happened. Such incidents could be really bad for our economy, so we want to make sure that this kind of disappearance doesn’t happen again. The time has come to solve the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle, once and for all,” says General Colomé.

Throughout the years, popular culture has associated many of the Bermuda Triangle’s disappearances with paranormal and supernatural phenomena or with the activity of extraterrestrials. One explanation even says that the leftover technology from the mythical lost continent of Atlantis should be blamed.

Although these strange theories are quite popular, the science world doesn’t even acknowledge the existence of the Bermuda Triangle. On the contrary, scientists believe we should blame human mistakes and natural phenomena for the disappearances.

However, the reappearance of the SS Cotopaxi did manage to arouse the curiosity of the scientific community and could instigate some experts to change their mind on the topic.