Citing biblical scripture, Christian numerologist David Meade is predicting the end of the world on September 23, when so-called "Planet X" will collide with Earth.

According to Meade, the recent solar eclipse and hurricanes in the United States — Harvey and Irma — are warning signs of the nearing apocalypse. He cites Luke 21:25 and 26:

25: There will be signs in the sun, moon and stars. On the earth, nations will be in anguish and perplexity at the roaring and tossing of the sea. People will faint from terror, apprehensive of what is coming on the world, for the heavenly bodies will be shaken.'

26: Men’s hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.'

He also claims to rely on an Egyptian "date maker" to pinpoint our date of demise.

As noted by Fox News, "Meade has built his theory on the so-called Planet X, which is also known as Nibiru, which he believes will pass Earth on Sept. 23, causing volcanic eruptions, tsunamis and earthquakes, according to British newspaper The Sun. ... For a certain branch of evangelical Christianity, Revelation 12:1–2, describes the beginning of what is known as the rapture and the second coming of Christ."

"And a great sign appeared in heaven: a woman clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of 12 stars. She was pregnant and was crying out in birth pains and the agony of giving birth," says the passage.

"In the passage, the woman is Virgo. On Sept. 23, both the sun and the moon will be in Virgo, as will the planet Jupiter. However, this occurrence happens naturally once every 12 years. There is also a rare alignment, known as "the Lion of the tribe of Judah," which the conspiracy theorists are hanging their hats on," notes Fox.

Neither the Roman Catholic Church, Protestant or eastern Orthodox sects are endorsing the prediction. NASA says it has yet to see any evidence of a "Planet X" on a collision course with Earth.

Additionally, author Jonathan Sarfati claims such a "planetary coincidence" has already happened on four occasions during the last millennium alone, and as we all know, the world did not end.

"As usual with any astrology (or Christian adaptations of it), one cherry-picks the stars that fit the desired conclusion," he wrote, per British outlet Express. "There is nothing to suggest that 23 September is a momentous date for biblical prophecy, and Christians need to be careful about being drawn into such sensationalist claims."