Ripon College in Wisconsin has proved that they care more about being politically correct than the victims of 9/11. They did this by denying The Young America’s Foundation from putting up “Never Forget” posters. The School felt that some Islamic students might feel harassed by the memorial posters. So they chose possible hurt feelings over the memory of American lives.

Member of Ripon College Bias Protocol Board—> “I’m not sure I think the Iran hostage issue was Islamic terrorism,” when discussing @yaf Never Forget poster https://t.co/bdRZ3SskSi pic.twitter.com/g2j9A7740H

— Patrick X Coyle (@PatrickXCoyle) August 29, 2018

“According to administrators, the objections were “raised to the administration and the bias incident team about the environment that that [the poster] creates… That because of the focus, in this case relentlessly on one religious organization, one religious group, one religious identity—in associating that one religious identity with terrorist attacks which go back far before 9/11 and after 9/11— creates for some students here an environment which they feel like they are not able to learn.”

The College claims that they are a private institution and basically they can do what they want. The Ripon Administrators felt that the 9/11 poster was too harsh.

“Some things [on the poster] don’t have anything to do with 9/11—ISIS, for example,” asserted one administrator. “I’m not sure I think the Iran hostage issue was Islamic terrorism,” said another.”

Have they already forgotten? Do they realize that nearly 3000 people lost their lives due to the Islamic Fanatics that were attacking the US? The 9/11 attack led to American boots on the ground in the Middle East. Hiding facts and events because they are not PC, does not help anyone. Islamic students know that The Middle East can be violent. So who is the school protecting?

But the students were not going to be able to reach these Liberals.

“Trying to reiterate their objections, administrators pointed out that, “It seems like the only terrorist activities brought up in this poster are those done by extremist Islamic groups, and so if I’m Muslim on this campus, like, ok, it sends the message that all terrorism happens by Muslims.”

I think they forgot it was 9/11 poster. It wasn’t Nazis or Viet Cong that carried out that tragedy. If anything this is a PSA to avoid this school. With administrators like this, you can only imagine the “education” that can be acquired at Ripon College.

Youth Of America Foundation Spokesman Spencer Brown commented on the incident.

“The original need for us to create this project dates back to 2003 when we saw schools trying to sanitize 9/11 and not talk about who committed these terrorist acts,” Brown told The College Fix.

“I think that their claims that the posters were inflammatory and inappropriate are completely ridiculous,” YAF chapter president, Hannah Krueger, told The College Fix. “Last year we had some of our posters ripped down and torn apart. However, this, in my opinion, is due to the fact that many left-wingers on campus cannot stand to see a competing viewpoint.”