In its natural form, arsenic acts as a metal and it is normally present in the soil, Earth’s crust and water, while its inorganic form is produced industrially and it is more toxic in comparison to the organic one.

Arsenic has been used as a type of poultry feed since 1940s. At first, it was intended to kill the poultry parasites and promote chicken growth. It was also believed that it is totally safe since it would be eliminated with the chicken waste. However, the latest studies showed the opposite.

As reported by Associated Press, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) revealed the results from the poultry meat examinations which showed that the inorganic arsenic that is being given to chickens is extremely toxic and has cancer-causing properties.

The long-term exposure to this chemical may induce numerous health problems, such as cognitive defects in developing fetuses, type-2 diabetes, cardiovascular issues and cancer. If it is administered in extremely high doses, it may have life threatening consequences.

It is also given to hogs and turkeys in order to induce quicker weight gain and improve the meat pigmentation.

The FDA discovered that nearly half of the chickens that were examined were found to have inorganic arsenic inside their livers. As a result, they required Pfizer to stop the creation and production of Roxarsone – an arsenic-based drug that is given to chickens. It is estimated that this drug, also known as 3-nitro, is a less toxic form of arsenic and it is added to about 90% of non-organic chickens in America.

Pfizer has pointed out that the sale of this drug will be forbidden by July. However, there are many other drugs with similar effects that are still widely used.

Nevertheless, the irony is that although FDA required Roxarsone to be removed from the shelves in the stores claiming that it can trigger cancer, they were persistent when trying to convince people that chickens were given only small amounts of arsenic which is completely safe for consumption. This implies that the agency didn’t want the public to find out about the toxicity and the carcinogenic effects of arsenic. And it is clear that we cannot put our trust in FDA.

The Department of Environmental Health Sciences at the University of South Carolina revealed that arsenic, along with mercury and lead can cause serious defects in developing fetuses and trigger health problems in young children.

A research published in the American Medical Association Journal showed that people who consumed arsenic-tainted rice in larger amounts had cellular modifications which are linked to cancer.

From that moment on, numerous reports were published revealing the ability of ingested arsenic to create invasive skin cancers such as squamous cell carcinoma, basal cell carcinoma as well as internal cancers affecting the lungs, kidneys, bladder and liver.

These revelations emphasize the importance of purchasing GMO-free and organic chicken. Although it can be expensive it’s cheaper than the medical treatments.