Fox News host Sean Hannity has claimed for a long time that he was spied on by the administration of former President Obama.

But now the cat is out of the bag and the evidence is in and it show that they did, in fact, spy of the top rated host in cable news.

U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson unsealed text messages on Friday that contained text messages between Hannity and Paul Manafort.

Manfort was the campaign manager for President Donald Trump for a short period of time, but it was enough for Bob Mueller to make him a scapegoat.

The documents, containing 56 pages of text messages between the two men, were published on the Internet on Friday night.

The documents were obtained after President Obama was no longer president but many believe, with reason, that he was behind the attempt to take down President Trump.

“Please know you are in my prayers.” Hannity said in one message, to which Manafort responded. “Thank you. I need them. I feel so violated.”

“There are so many obvious crimes that are NOT being investigated” Hannity said in another message to Manafort.

“If you just ever want to talk, grab dinner, vent, strategize -whatever, I am here. I know this is very hard. Stand tall and strong,” he said.

Should Obama have to answer for this?

“I appreciate what you tried to do. Mueller is trying to intimidate me. The raid is just one example. I won’t let him succeed but it is very lonely fighting this fight.

“I feel all alone out there. Except for you and a few others, our side is not engaged,” Manfort said in a text after the FBI raid in 2017, Politico reported.

“The media is trying to split me with DT and family by lies and untruths,” he said, referring to President Donald Trump.

Two months later, after Mueller obtained a 12-count indictment against Manafort and his longtime business partner Rick Gates on charges that included money laundering, conspiring against the U.S. and acting as an unregistered foreign agent, Hannity texted, “Hey You OK?”

Manafort replied several hours later, “Yes. Rough day but yes. Their case is totally BS. Wrong on law and wrong on facts.”

The two men continued conversing even after the federal district court judge presiding over Manafort’s case in Washington, D.C., imposed a gag order in early November on all the parties.

“They are still f’ing with me on bail,” Manafort wrote a week later. “Getting close. Once dine[sic] then we need to sit and build the plan[.]”

Hannity replied, “Perfect” and then “Sooner better” — prompting Manafort to respond with his desire for top Trump administration officials to intervene on his behalf.

“Hopefully Sessions moves on new Spec Pros” Manafort wrote, a reference to seeing the attorney general open up a probe into the origins of the underlying Russia investigation.

It is sad to see what the Mueller team did to Manafort for a crime only used against him to pressure him to betray PresidentTrump.

But, as the Mueller report showed, Manafort had nothing to give them because they president did not commit a crime.

And now Mueller has been made the scapegoat for people who can not get past the fact that President Trump won the election in 2016.

Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.