Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to the announcement that a portion of the high school yearbook inscription used to substantiate the claim that Beverly Young Nelson was sexually assaulted by U.S. Senate hopeful Roy Moore decades ago had been forged.

Limbaugh described Nelson as a “perp” and used the report to criticize the media.

Transcript as follows (courtesy of RushLimbaugh.com):

LIMBAUGH: “Bombshell: Roy Moore Accuser Beverly Nelson Admits She Forged Yearbook.” You remember that the yearbook? This is the Gloria Allred special, and now Beverly Nelson — who was one of Roy Moore’s accusers from 40 years ago — has admitted she forged it. So she has no credibility. None at all. Gloria Allred still has not released the yearbook so that it can be forensically tested. I wondered why she hasn’t. Now we know why. Because the perp has admitted she forged it.

“Beverly Young Nelson has finally admitted that she forged a portion of the infamous high school yearbook that she and attorney Gloria Allred used as proof of her accusations against U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore. And in yet another blow to the credibility of ABC News, the disgraced, left-wing network downplayed the bombshell by presenting this admission of forgery as adding ‘notes’ to the inscription.” In other words, ABC’s not reporting forgery. ABC says, “‘Nelson admits she did make notes to the inscription. But the message was all Roy Moore.’

“‘Beverly, he signed your yearbook,’ ABC News reporter Tom Llamas says. ‘He did sign it,’ she replies. ‘And you made some notes underneath?’ ‘Yes,’ Nelson says. And then, after a woman admits to forging a document used in a campaign to destroy the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in Alabama, ABC News quickly moves on as though it is not news of extraordinary consequence.”

This is why people who only watch the Drive-By news really don’t know what’s going on in their own country.

They really don’t know. You know more listening to this program on a variety of issues. You know news from both sides of the aisle. You know news from the world of sports. You know news from the world of economics and business. We cover it all here. You have an outsized advantage over a good percentage of your fellow citizens do not literally know 75% of what you know. They don’t know that they don’t know it, either.