The human brain is the only organ that named itself. And it is one of the most complex body organs and its workings are something that the scientists are still searching about. One of the most important processes that brain performs is to remember information. 

Being forgetful is often seen as a sign of aging. When we’re young, we don’t have a propensity to pay much attention to lapses in recalling stuff, but as we age, sometimes we fret about what they mean. Certain brain changes are impossible to stop when a person becomes older, but memory problems are not one of them.

Forgetting things is a not a major problem and it is not just a thing that is being said; now scientists have confirmed that forgetting things is actually a sign of being smart.

Read further to understand how you should not fret over losing things and consider yourself smart.

1- Forgetful and absent-minded

Being forgetful and absent-minded is looked upon by the general public. They often associate it with the status of the person and that person is often ridiculed for being forgetful. Absent-mindedness is actually termed as a mental condition in which a person tends to suffer from low levels of concentration and recurrent interruptions. Such episodes of forgetfulness are often frustrating for the patients as it disrupts their daily lives. 

2- Signs of forgetfulness

There are many signs of forgetfulness when it comes to identifying them. However, if the signs of forgetfulness become too frequent, as it might be signs of dementia and/or Alzheimer’s disease. The signs of forgetfulness are like lack of sleep. This lack of sleep also causes mood changes, anxiety, and an increase in anger. People who are forgetting things constantly ask for the same thing again and again. They also take a long time to complete easy and familiar tasks.

3- Forgetting things are normal

However, scientists have found that forgetting things is extremely normal. This is a process in which brain helps itself in making decision in real time. Scientists found out that memory isn’t projected to help send out the most correct information, but rather the most practical information that can help us make smart decisions in the coming future.

4- How the brain creates memories?

The human brain is very complicated, but a very sophisticated organ and the way it processes memories is an amazing thing. The brain continuously processes memories and deletes old ones to make way for new ones. It decides that important memories are stored for long-term and the memories that are made for short-term are deleted.