Last month, President Trump reminded Americans of how many votes are STOLEN from American citizens by illegal aliens voting in our elections.

He tweeted:

58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends

— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 27, 2019

Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton tweeted an even more stunning number of illegal aliens who he believes actually voted in our most recent midterm term elections. Fitton tweeted:

@realDonaldTrump is right. I estimate about 900,000 aliens illegally voted in the midterms. @JudicialWatch

— Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) January 27, 2019

Immediately following the 2016 presidential election, Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton warned Americans about the danger of allowing illegal aliens to vote in our elections.

In his November 2016, speech to a crowd at a Remembrance Project event, an advocacy group raising awareness about deaths of American citizens at the hands of illegal aliens, Fitton claimed that illegal aliens are voting in enough numbers to “change the outcome of elections.” Fitton talked about the work his group is doing to end the lawless sanctuary cities across America, warning that a wall won’t work if every state has a “Welcome Wall” saying, “You will find sanctuary here,” it won’t matter.

Fitton told the crowd that President Trump is right to be outraged about illegal aliens living in America. The Judicial Watch president claimed that he estimates between 43-44 million non-citizens reside in the United States. Fitton then suggested that about 10,12 or even 20 million of those are illegal aliens. Fitton asked how many of those non-citizens vote? Fitton said that while President Trump would say between 5- 6 million vote, the Left claims none of them vote and that his guess, is it’s somewhere in between.

If the Democrat Party has their way, illegal aliens will no longer be breaking laws when they vote in our elections.  Foreigners will only need to illegally cross our borders, and the Democrats will be waiting with directions to the nearest polling place and a mocked-up ballot in multiple languages, that tells them how to vote if they want to continue to enjoy all the “benefits” America has to offer.

According to the Washington Times– House Democrats voted Friday to defend localities that allow illegal immigrants to vote in their elections, turning back a GOP attempt to discourage the practice.

The vote marks a stunning reversal from just six months ago when the chamber — then under GOP control — voted to decry illegal immigrant voting.

“We are prepared to open up the political process and let all of the people come in,” Rep. John Lewis, a Georgia Democrat, and hero of the civil rights movement told colleagues as he led opposition to the GOP measure.

The 228-197 vote came as part of a broader debate on Democrats’ major legislative priority this year, HR 1, the “For the People Act,” which includes historic expansions of voter registration and access, as well as a major rewrite of campaign finance laws.

The measure would have had no practical effect even if it had passed. Illegal immigrants — and indeed noncitizens as a whole — are not legally able to participate in federal elections.

The 228-197 vote came as part of a broader debate on Democrats’ major legislative priority this year, HR 1, the “For the People Act,” which includes historic expansions of voter registration and access, as well as a major rewrite of campaign finance laws.