A medical professional on the border in Texas told Big League Politics that the crisis is reaching fever pitch, with three individuals now quarantined at a privately-owned hospital in El Paso with an unknown disease. The Centers For Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has not even been able to identify the disease the three migrants have, as the military guards the quarantine area.

“There were some Congolese people caught crossing the border, it was suspected they had Ebola. In one facility there are three patients being held because they don’t know what they have. The CDC have been here to assess them. They are isolated, they only have certain specialists who can see them,” the medical professional tells Big League Politics.

“We’ve had an outbreak of mumps over here.”

“What scares me is what happens if we someone come over here with Ebola. We only need one person, and there’s a pandemic.”

“There was a female, 10 years old, who was found with 20 different types of semen inside her body. She was dispatched to a family member. The girl who was with her who was supposedly a family member was not really a family member, just someone who bought her from her family in Guatemala. These are real problems that exist here on the border. There are some people who are trying to leave jugs of water out here for them. A lot of these people come to this country needing help,” the professional stated.

Migrants are obtaining “Rent-A-Kids,” and since Border Patrol cannot perform DNA tests to determine if children are related to adults most of the human traffickers get into our country.

“In Juarez, there is a huge influx of Cubans right now. They have taken over the streets and started a prostitution ring among them. The Cubans cannot cross here. If they have Cuban citizenship, they cannot cross here.”

“There are a lot of people who come here from El Salvador, Guatemala who are in acute renal failure, they cannot walk. There are some who have come with cirrhosis of the liver. I’ve seen some patients who are almost at the point of dying with the cirrhosis that they have,” the medical professional stated. “The time and resources it takes up to treat them is massive.”

“A lot of these children come over here sick, you don’t catch the flu overnight, there’s an incubation period. A lot of these kids are already sick coming here. Right now, at least 2 percent are being taken up by people who are coming here illegally, somehow someway they do have insurance. We’re guessing that as soon as they come over here they get some kind of insurance, whatever they are not given we have to foot the bill here, and they are illnesses they have had for a while,” the professional stated.

Big League Politics has previously confirmed with border watcher Jim Benvie that illegal migrants obtain insurance and EBT cards upon gaining access to the United States.

“There have been some women who have come forward who said they were raped…in the end you have to believe they were because of the damage done to them, either vaginally or anally,” the professional stated.

“When they cross over, you see them land…being transported in these huge buses, they don’t have to go through TSA, they get escorted and go first. What they need to do is it has to be like Ellis Island, they need to vet these people and quarantine.”