Friends. They’re important. We all probably know that by now. We are always told that no man is an island and that we must always be willing to be sociable and friendly towards other people. We are always encouraged to maintain healthy social ties with the people around us; most especially those who mean the most to us.

But why? Is there any explanation for this? What is it with the human’s innate need to socialize and interact with other human beings?

Well, the truth is that there really hasn’t been much research done on the matter and that’s why not too many people understand the psychology behind it. It might sound like your old regular cliché. But friends are important. In fact, sometimes, friends can play bigger roles in a person’s life than family.

This is especially true when it comes to a woman’s health. There was a recent study that was conducted by a group of researchers from the University of Oxford. And the findings of the study revealed that women need to go out with their friends more often. The project indicated that if women go out and see their friends at least twice weekly, they are likelier to achieve general happiness and contentment within various areas of their lives.

The leader of the research project, Robin Dunbar, said in a recent interview that a woman’s overall health and wellness is significantly better when they are able to get together with four of their best friends at least twice in a week.

During these get-togethers, women are encouraged to engage in the following activities: drinking, gossiping and talking about rivals and enemies. The study also showed that quality girl time spent in the weak can directly affect a woman’s health in a profound and significant manner. Such health benefits include improved recovery time from illness, improved immunity, decreased anxiety, and so much more.

Naturally, no two friendships on the face of this earth are going to be totally the same. It would be pretty nice to believe that every woman in the world has a certified girl squad that she can just completely be herself in. This could be the group she confides everything in. These women could be who she goes on vacations with and amasses life success with. But not all women have that. Not all women are going to be the same.

Not all women are going to need or want a clique that they can call their own. And that’s completely fine. We are all cut from different clothes after all. Some of us are just not going to be as socially inclined as others. The research merely suggests that a minimum of four close friends would be enough to optimize a woman’s health in ways that one would have never initially imagined. A group of four women would be enough for a quality get-together that could really maximize an individual woman’s health benefits.

The study also determined that most women bond best whenever they are sharing one fundamental human activity: laughter. When a group of women just laugh together about something, then they are essentially boosting one another’s endorphins and happy hormones. It can make for very positive energy and it can have profound effects on a woman’s biological makeup.

But despite the findings of this study, further research shows that only 2 out of 5 women actually go out with their girlfriends just ONCE a week. Sometimes, the numbers are even less when you take into consideration that some of these women have families that they need to tend to.

The study also delved deeper into the quality of the interactions that women had with friends according to the number of people and the amount of time that they spend together. And it was found that on average, women spend less than half of their time nurturing close friendships and relationships.

Dr. Alisa Ruby Bash postulates that maintaining close bonds with other women can very important as women get older. She says, “We get busier, with more responsibilities. It makes us feel nurtured and validated to hang out with friends we can be totally ourselves [with], minus the outside pressures.”

It’s always so energizing and reinvigorating to spend some time and bond with close friends. And if you haven’t been doing so, then you need to make sure to fix that. You always want to make it a point to nurture the relationships that you have with the people who are closest to your heart. That’s a fundamental aspect of living a healthy and happy life.