Earlier this afternoon, Bloomberg reporter Sahil Kapur revealed that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) has decided that no matter the result of the election between Trump-endorsed, pro-slavery child molester Roy Moore and Birmingham bomber prosecutor Doug Jones that fill-in “Senator Strange is going to be here through the end of this session.” 

Luther Strange was appointed by the previous governor of Alabama, who was forced out amid his own sexual misconduct scandal to fill now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions’  seat.

.@SenateMajLdr McConnell: "Senator Strange is going to be here through the end of this session."

— Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) December 12, 2017

In other words, McConnell is going to pull a “Merrick Garland,” keeping Democrat Doug Jones from voting against the Senate tax scam just as McConnell stopped Republicans from performing their constitutional duty to confirm President Obama’s Supreme Court pick so Republicans could illegally seat Neil Gorsuch as a Justice.

Regardless of who wins in Alabama today, Mitch McConnell is going to pull a Garland and refuse to seat him until he jams his tax bill through. https://t.co/UlUDtGIGXl

— Resisterhood (@resisterhood) December 12, 2017

This is a flagrant violation of the spirit of Senate policy. But the craven majority leader doesn’t want a moral Democrat sabotaging his precious tax scam that steals from the poor to give to the rich.

If Doug Jones takes the seat he rightfully won by the end of the week, he and one Republican defection – perhaps Susan Collins (R-ME) or Rand Paul (R-KY) – could sink the Republican class warfare agenda entirely.

Nor does he want a child molester and bigot keeping the public focused on Republican moral rot, which would lower the bill’s already sinking support.  Instead, he wants appointee Luther Strange to stay and ram through the tax bill for their wealthy donors before anyone can stop them.

Since Doug Jones won today and Mitch McConnell refuses to seat him, every Alabama voter – and indeed, every American, should take to the streets.