The holier-than-thou are now guilty-as-hell.

The religious extremists at Hobby Lobby over the years has battled accusations that its policies are anti-gay, anti-transgender, anti-Semitic, anti-women. They gained notoriety in a landmark 2014 case, which it won before the Supreme Court, that it should not be forced to provide health insurance to its 13,000 employees because ObamaCare includes benefits for birth control.

Now the privately-owned Oklahoma-based crafts store chain has been found guilty by the Department of Justice of smuggling millions of dollars of apparently looted, “culturally significant” Iraqi antiquities into the U.S. as part of its corporate mission and passion for the Bible. 

Hobby Lobby agreed to forfeit about 5,500 items, which have an estimated retail value of over $11 million, and to pay a $3 million fine to the U.S. government.

Hobby Lobby President Steve Green said in the future the company would have safeguards to ensure that all of its acquisitions are properly vetted.

This all began around 2009 when Hobby Lobby’s owners made it their goal to own a collection of books and artifacts consistent with the company’s mission and the ower’s religious views and passion for the Bible.

The company is scheduled to open the Museum of the Bible in Washington, D.C. this fall, with Hobby Lobby covering the $500 million cost.

Eight years ago, Green personally led a trip to the Middle East to find and inspect cuneiform tablets, engraved seals and the clay impressions they made, and other ancient artifacts.

They visited the United Arab Emigres and eventually spent $1.6 million to buy about 5,500 artifacts which were shipped to their stores in Oklahoma with labels identifying the contents as “samples” or “ceramic tiles.”

In doing so, Hobby Lobby ignored an expert who in 2012 told their in-house lawyer that there were risks with the items they were buying and that they needed to make sure they properly identified the country of origin on all customs forms.

They ignored that counsel and claimed all the artifacts were from Turkey or Israel, even though they had probably been looted in Iraq by ISIS or other jihadi groups looking to make a quick buck.

When the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York caught him, Green acknowledged that Hobby Lobby had made “regrettable mistakes,” which he said was because of inexperience.

“We should have exercised more oversight and carefully questioned how the acquisitions were handled,” admitted Green.

The crafts retailer made headlines in 2014 when a split Supreme Court ruled in their favor in the case of Burwell v Hobby Lobby after they objected to paying for birth control under ObamaCare because of their “sincerely held” conservative Christian religious beliefs. 

It was the first time the Supreme Court had recognized that a for-profit business could have religious beliefs as a factor in a legal decision, but the ruling was limited to privately held companies.

One of the appeals court judges who supported the Hobby Lobby position at that time was Neil Gorsuch, who earlier this year Trump appointed to the Supreme Court after he won Senate approval by the slimmest possible margin.

They may think they have a special connection to God but Hobby Lobby’s prayers were not answered this time.