Democrats in the House of Representatives took advantage of their new power last Friday and voted to defend local municipalities that allow illegal aliens to and vote in their local elections.

Texas Republican Dan Crenshaw said, “What kind of government would cancel the vote of its own citizens and replace it with noncitizens?” Crenshaw showed his frustration by adding, “It sounds like I’m making this up.”

What makes the vote more stunning is that six months ago, 49 Democrats crossed the aisle and joined Republicans in voting against illegal alien voting. Last week only six voted against the same measure.

This most recent action came as part of a broader debate on HR 1 or the ‘For the People Act.’ The measure which passed 223-197 includes unprecedented expansions of voter registration and access to polls, in addition to a major rewrite of campaign finance laws.

The Washington Times reported, “The vote marks a stunning reversal from just six months ago when the chamber — then under GOP control — voted to decry illegal immigrant voting.”

Lauren Fine who is a spokeswoman for House GOP Whip Steve Scalise told Fox News that Democrats who stood firmly against illegal aliens voting in the past but support it now are going to have to explain their action to voters soon.

Fine said, “These 41 Democrats must now answer to voters why they were against illegal immigrants voting in elections six months ago, but are suddenly in favor of it now.”

Scalice tweeted, “We’ve watched Democrats prioritize illegal immigrants over American citizens for a while now. But today they took it a step further by blocking our motion to prevent illegal immigrants from voting in elections—effectively devaluing the vote of legitimate voters.”

Interestingly, the change of mind about illegals voting among many Democrat politicians comes at the same time they intensify their efforts to block President Trump’s request to funding the wall.

When the initial vote was taken last September, Dan Stein applauded Republicans and Democrats for working together. The bill they passed, H.R. 1071, enounced local jurisdictions like San Francisco that actively encourage, illegal aliens to vote in certain municipal elections.

Stein, president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), said, ”House Resolution 1071, which recognizes that allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of United States citizens.”

Stein noted that Democrats who either voted against the resolution or abstained showed they were more concerned about their open borders agenda than the fabric of our democracy or their fellow citizens. He said, “FAIR applauds the Representatives who supported this resolution, albeit a non-binding one. They clearly recognize that our American community has the right to define standards of membership, and that includes the preservation of citizen-only voting. Likewise, these Representatives must also recognize that is the right of our nation to secure our borders and their responsibility to do. By once again refusing to adequately fund the border wall, these lawmakers have abdicated that responsibility. It’s long past time for consistency and more tangible commitments to fix our immigration crisis.”

Democrats have been pushing for illegal alien voting on several levels for at least the last four years. San Francisco opened voting in local elections to non-citizens in 2016 and since then others have become more vocal on a national level.

Stacey Abrams, failed Georgia Democratic gubernatorial candidate 0f 2018, called for illegal aliens to take part in elections. Her near-win in the south shows the inroads progressives have made into radically changing the relationship between citizenship and voting.

This January, PBS host Margaret Hoover asked Abrams if she saw a difference between allowing non-citizens to vote in state and federal elections. Abrams responded that allowing non-citizens to vote on a local level enables “people to be participants in the process without it somehow undermining our larger democratic ethic that says that you should be a citizen to be a part of the conversation.”

When pressed by Hoover to say she supported non-citizens voting, Abrams answered, “I wouldn’t oppose it.”

Representative Crenshaw used Twitter to remind voters that he offered a non-binding motion in Congress to reaffirm “that only US citizens should have the right to vote” and Democrats rejected it.

Crenshaw is right – the future of the Democrat Party is a country where illegals can vote. As he tweeted, we need to let that “sink in.”