There has always been a serious conflict between humans and animals. Animals are voiceless creatures and all they want is peaceful life but these humans have destroyed habitats of animals leading to extinction.

At one end, man is reaping benefits with the technology, natural resources– and at the other end- he is destroying the environment and other life forms which is truly not acceptable at all. Do we deserve to be on this planet? Surely, not!

In recent news, two sperm whales were found dead on Germany beach with a stomach full of objects like a 70 cm piece of car plastic, a 13-meter-long fishing net.

While some people believe that the whales consumed those items thinking they were food.

Robert Habeck, environment minister for the state of Schleswig-Holstein, said, “These findings show us the results of our plastic-oriented society. Animals inadvertently consume plastic and plastic waste, which causes them to suffer, and at worst, causes them to starve with full stomachs.”

“The large pieces will cause obvious problems and block the gut, we shouldn’t dismiss the smaller bits that could cause a more chronic problem for all species of cetacean- not just those who suction feed,” he added.

“Male sperm whales normally migrate from their tropical or subtropical breeding grounds to colder waters at higher latitudes. The species is one of the deepest diving animals in the cetacean family, known to plummet as far as 3,280 feet (1,000 meters) in search of squid, its favourite food. The beached whales were all young males between the ages of 10 and 15, and the necropsies revealed that they died of heart failure.”

According to Danny Groves, a spokesperson for the nonprofit Whale and Dolphin Conservation (WDC), “It is thought that the sperm whales may have got lost and entered the North Sea (possibly chasing squid), where the sea floor is not deep enough, causing the whales to become disorientated and die.”

It is really sad to see people throwing plastic on land and 80% of it finally ends up in the oceans and is often consumed by marine species.