When James Alex Fields Jr. charged his car into a group of protestors in Charlottesville last weekend the early and assumed narrative was that he was a crazed Neo-Nazi racist who was just out to kill or injure as many of the Black Lives Matter, Antifa and other protestors as he possibly could.

If and when calmer heads said, “Before naming ourselves judge, jury and executioner let’s wait and let all the facts and evidence come in before determining guilt or motive” such people were branded as racists too.

Lo and behold new video has surfaced and pre-existing video more closely studied that may indicate Fields was under attack when he mashed the gas pedal and just maybe was in fear for his own life. 

“On August 12, a driver drove his vehicle into a crowd of “anti-racist” protesters, killing one woman and injuring 19 other individuals. The suspect has been identified as James Alex Fields, Jr.

Department of Memes reported that police officers in Charlottesville believed the driver was not acting maliciously, suggesting he was scared by the protesters on every side of his vehicle and he did not know what to do.

New shocking video has emerged that corroborates this theory.

Citizen researchers have slowed the video down and spotted an African American individual hitting the car with what appears to be a baseball bat before the suspect hit the crowd with his vehicle.

One such video posted to Streamable shows the driver slowing down, then accelerating quickly after his rear bumper is struck with the baseball bat.

The second video, originally posted to 4chan’s /pol/, is a thorough examination of the events that seems to suggest the driver was behaving normally until his vehicle was struck with the bat. The video freezes at multiple stages, the first at 0:02, to show a bicyclist on the sidewalk behaving normally.

The video then freezes at 0:04 to show the car being operated and normal speeds, and again at 0:10 to show the vehicle struck by what Department of Memes believes is a baseball bat.

The video then freezes at 0:14 to show the car attempt to brake and change direction, and once more at 0:19 as the mob closes in on the car and the driver speeds through them.

Last night it was revealed by a journalist who spoke to numerous officers at a police station in Charlottesville, Virginia that numerous officers believed the act was not malicious, and was done out of fear.

To recap: The protesters were standing in the middle of the street, blocking traffic. The car was attacked with a blunt object resembling a baseball bat by a protester. The vehicle was not speeding until a the protester attacked and the mob of people closed in on the driver.

If this story is confirmed, then the mainstream media’s narrative about the driver being a white supremacist who sought to kill people at an anti-racism event will be fully blown out of the water.”

Was Fields a raging racist who was acting maliciously? It’s certainly a possibility. Was Fields surrounded by screaming, potentially armed (with baseball bats and who knows what else) equally hateful people who were shouting and threatening him, he feared for his own safety and so gunned it to get the heck out of there? Certainly another possibility. How about we let cooler heads prevail, analyze the information and data as it comes in and wait and see?