Scientists from the University of Oxford have discovered that women with larger than average butts are not only increasingly intelligent but also very resistant to chronic illnesses, exciting right?

According to ABC News, the results found that women with bigger backsides tend to have lower levels of cholesterol and are more likely to produce hormones to metabolize sugar.

As is turns out, big butts are now proven to do more than just please the eye. This new study shows that women with big butts are less likely to have diabetes or heart problems.

And having a big butt requires an excess of Omega 3 fats, which have been proven to catalyze brain development.

The ABC News reports Professor Konstantinos Manolopoulos’s statement, the leader of the study, “Professor Konstantinos Manolopoulos, who leads the team at the University of Oxford, says that women with more fat on the buttocks have lower levels of cholesterol and glucose.”

More so, “If you’re going to have fat, you’re better off if you’ve got some fat in the lower body,” according to Dr. Michael Jensen, Director of Endocrine Research at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn.

“If you look at people who have primarily the pear shape, they’re healthy in all the ways that this fat behaves. It’s not just less heart attacks or less diabetes, it’s all these ways we think about fat as an important organ for our health.”

All of these conclusions are based on information from more than 16.000 women analyzed. Having a big butt also favors leptin levels in the female body, which is a hormone responsible for regulating the weight, and the dinopectina, a hormone with anti-inflammatory, vascular-protective and anti-diabetic attributes.

The buttocks tissues, called the adipose tissue, is said to trap harmful fatty acids. This, in turn, prevents cardiovascular diseases.

Apparently, similar studies have been conducted by universities in California and Pittsburgh that came to the same conclusion – women with bigger butts, wide hips and smaller waists may even have a longer life expectancy.

However, this different study by Oxford University, also suggested that this is only the case for natural buttocks, not surgically enhanced ones. This study did not include fake butts or Brazilian butt lifts.

We already know girls with big butts are smarter and healthier, but they also have some things only they will understand.