Attorney General Jeff Sessions is mulling firing FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe after an internal review recommended he be terminated.

McCabe is currently on ‘terminal leave’ and is set to retire on Sunday with his full pension.

If McCabe is fired before Sunday, he will not receive his government pension.

Fox News’ Washington Producer, Jake Gibson is reporting sources very close to the investigation are saying McCabe’s pension is “definitely in jeopardy.”

AG Sessions is reviewing an internal report by Inspector General Michael Horowitz as he decides McCabe’s fate.

According to Horowitz’s report, McCabe authorized illegal leaks to the media and misled the Inspector General’s investigators.

As previously reported, according to the New York Times, McCabe authorized a leak to the Wall Street Journal which led to an October 2016 article that revealed an internal dispute between the FBI and DOJ about how to handle Hillary Clinton’s email investigation that had just been reopened after classified emails were found on Weiner’s laptop.

President Trump previously blasted McCabe for trying to run out the clock in order to receive his taxpayer funded pension.

FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!

— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017

Fox News’ Washington Producer Jake Gibson dropped a bombshell Wednesday afternoon.

Gibson tweeted: A source with knowledge of the investigation tells Fox News Andrew McCabe’s entire pension is, “definitely in jeopardy.” @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics

A source with knowledge of the investigation tells Fox News Andrew McCabe’s entire pension is, “definitely in jeopardy.” @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics

— Jake Gibson (@JakeBGibson) March 14, 2018

Gibson also reported: Fox News has learned the Inspector General’s Investigation which landed McCabe in hot water faults the former Deputy Director for the way he answered questions about his approval for interactions between an FBI official and a reporter. @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics

Fox News has learned the Inspector General’s Investigation which landed McCabe in hot water faults the former Deputy Director for the way he answered questions about his approval for interactions between an FBI official and a reporter. @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics

— Jake Gibson (@JakeBGibson) March 14, 2018

President Trump is aware of what McCabe is doing. Hopefully he demands action just like Fitton called for.

Americans should not fund McCabe’s pension after what he did to weaponize the FBI, mislead the FISA court among other criminal actions.