They are calling on them to protest against the US President Donald Trump’s regime until he finally resigns.

HAHAHAHAHA!

Wouldn’t it be great if they ALL really did go on strike and the conservative actors took over the entertainment industry?

Go for it Hollywood, I’d like to see you keep your word.

VIA| A number of liberal celebrities who describe Hollywood as “the base of the entire modern American culture” are preparing to engage themselves in a “massive, all-round Hollywood strike” in protest of the Presidential reign of Donald Trump.

“It’s about time people understood that we’re the ones with the power and that the president is there to serve us, not the other way around”, a spokesperson said in a statement.

“We’re calling for a general strike that would include every single person involved in making motion pictures in Hollywood, starting with the actors and celebrities themselves and encompassing companies in charge of making props, movie memorabilia and even souvenir shops.” Said a source.

Eminent Hollywood celebrities are preparing for a massive strike in Hollywood to protest against the US President Donald Trump’s regime…

In the latest turn of events, eminent Hollywood celebrities like Amy Schumer, Rosie O’Donnell, George Clooney, Miley Cyrus and many others are in call for a massive Hollywood strike “until Trump resigns”.

A number of liberal celebrities who describe Hollywood as “the base of the entire modern American culture” are preparing to engage themselves in a “massive, all-round Hollywood strike” in protest of the Presidential reign of Donald Trump.

“It’s about time people understood that we’re the ones with the power and that the president is there to serve us, not the other way around”, a spokesperson said in a statement.

“We’re calling for a general strike that would include every single person involved in making motion pictures in Hollywood, starting with the actors and celebrities themselves and encompassing companies in charge of making props, movie memorabilia and even souvenir shops.” Said a source.

As per the reports, Michael Shannon, Debra Messing, Ed Asner and Rosie O’Donnell are among others who have also registered their names for this massive Hollywood strike.

“No! In the Name of Humanity, We Refuse to Accept a Fascist America! Donald Trump, the President-elect, is assembling a regime of grave danger,” reads a full-page ad in a local US newspaper initiated by the group.