A number of holistic doctors in Florida, over 60 of them within one year, who have been found killed or dead all have one common denominator. They had all found out that an enzyme protein was cancer causing and that protein with the name of Nagalese ...had been added to vaccines to which were then given to humans and this is something that has been happening on a global scale.

DOCTORS WERE SAID TO BE GETTING READY TO REVEAL FINDINGS

Nagalese is said to be an enzyme that stops vitamin D from being produced in the body and so stops the natural ability of the body to kill off any cancer cells. It is also a protein that is created by cancer cells and can be found in high concentrations in children with autism. Nagalese also affects the immune system as it disables it and been known to be the cause behind Type 2 diabetes.

The doctors who discovered this were not being killed because they had found a cancer cure or were treating autism successfully, but they were killed because they had researched and found evidence that vaccines laced with Nagalese had been causing the cancer and autism crisis.

These doctors who had performed extensive research, had been collaborating in Florida and were said to have been getting ready to reveal their findings to the public.

A 19-minute video clip has been put online with a lot of important information being said during the first 10 minutes of the video. The speaker in the video is the very knowledgeable and articulate Dr. Ted Broer, founder of director of HealthMasters. and he breaks down the information about Nagalese in the video in addition to going into explaining the findings of the doctors.

Dr. Broer came onto The Hagmann & Hagmann Report broadcast and it took an hour to get him on air as the show, which typically lasts three hours, had been taken down and all the lines they had tried to use kept on being disconnected. Then servers were brought down.

An hour later they connected with Dr. Broer and one of the first things he was heard saying was that he was not suicidal. It was said that he had been frightened that he would be taken out Hastings-style before getting the opportunity to say what he had to say publicly.

The short clip is him telling the story that these dead doctors were not able to tell.

There were many deaths that were unsolved murders, more were alleged to be suicides and many of the deaths are under investigation. The majority of the doctors had been holistic and all them were said to have cared very passionately and deeply about health.

Dr. Ted Broer explains why these ‘holistic’ doctors are being killed for what they’ve discovered about vaccinations and how to cure the effects of the Elite’s genocide that is being forced upon your children.