El Paso, Texas | A man who was arrested by the FBI Yesterday has confessed to kidnapping and sexually assaulting several dozen people while using costumes, drugs, and special effects to have his victims believe they had been abducted by aliens.

73-year old Arnold White was arrested after a joint investigation led by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the El Paso Sheriff’s Office and the El Paso Police Department.

Originally interrogated about 4 crimes committed in the region in the 1990s, the retired trucker confessed a total of 79 kidnappings across California, Nevada, New Mexico, and Texas over a period of 40 years.

Mr. White confessed to using a mix of hallucinatory drugs containing LSD and PCP to subdue his victims, before approaching them and carrying them inside his truck to assault them.

In order to confuse his victims even more, he had set up the inside of his truck to look like an operating room and would wear an alien costume.

FBI spokesman Darrell Johnson described the abuse that the accused afflicted to his victim as extremely disturbing.

“He would insert fingers and objects in their various body cavities. He had even created his own sex toys designed to look like alien tools and medical instruments.”

According to Mr. Johnson, most of the victims were loners and marginals, a fact that helped Mr. White evade arrest for so long.

“He chose victims who were gullible and might fall for his traps. Several of his victims were actually ufo investigators he found hanging out around Area 51 or Roswell.”

FBI spokesman Darrell Johnson described the accused’s stratagem as extremely elaborate and described him as “a dangerous predator”.

Arnold White now faces a total of 347 criminal charges, including several charges of kidnapping, aggravated sexual assault by use of drugs, oral copulation by anesthesia or controlled substance, assault with intent to commit a sexual offense, and possession of a controlled substance.

He could face a term of more than 382 years to life in prison if found guilty of all counts.

The 73-year old was denied bail this morning and will remain in detention until the beginning of his trial in January.