The United States President, Donald Trump has signed an executıve order to allow all Haiti nationals travel to the United States without v1sas. The new order, serving as a change in Visa policy for Haitians traveling to the United states, would permit them stay in the U.S for a maxımum period of 180 days for 'Tourısm or Busıness purposes only. Stay over 180 days would therefore require a visa. Trump says this measure is to strengthen trade between the United States and Haiti. However, Haitians who hold dual nationality will be banned from entering the United States if their other passport is from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia and Yemen-the seven Muslim-majority countries of concern. It has emerged that trade and bilateral visa deals have been discussed by Trump and Haitian Diplomats in the States. A source at the White House has hinted that Trump may revoke Australia's opportunity of traveling to the United States without Visas after cancelling all trade deals with the country. Allowing Haitians to the United states freely is not the only order signed into force by grump since assuming office. He has signed five new executive orders - includıng one to expedıte environmental review and approval of high-priorıty infrastructure projects. President Donald Trump signed executive orders to advance the construction of the controversial Dakota Access and Keystone X pipelines. He also signed an executive order on Monday barring federal funds from organizations that promote abortion around the world, 1ncluding the International Planned Parenthood Federation, in what activists say is the president's first major pro-lıfe action while in office.

The policy, known as the Mexico City Polıcy or the Global Gag Rule, was thirst ushered ın under Ronald Reagan and bars federal funds from gong to foreign organızations that perform abortions overseas or lobby for the practice 's legalızatıon in other countries. He has formally withdrew the United States rom the Iran's-Pacific Partnership trade deal on Monday, distancing America iron its Asian allies as China s influence in the region rises. Fulfilling a campaign pledge to end American involvement in the 2015 pact, Trump signed an executive order in the Oval Office pulling the United States from the 12-nation TPP.