The Clinton killing machine is about to get a new name to chew up and spit out being reported on Reddit in three articles. Dimitri Noonan, a pilot who has worked for the Justice Department for 25 years, has codeword clearance but says none of the meeting was classified, since officially it didn’t happen. According to Noonan.

Sean Hannity, speaking on his radio show, said: “I’ve seen what this guy had and it’s no ‘nothingburger.’ He was definitely playing with some serious firepower.” The security team assigned to Noonan by Fox News was baffled when they discovered he was gone: “Whoever did this got past multiple layers of security and murdered the subject undetected in a secure location with zero unmanned escape routes. We’d say it’s not possible but we’ve all seen what the Clintons can do first hand, which is why we’re on this team.

We believed we could keep him alive. we were wrong.” Federal investigators know nothing at this point other than Noonan is dead. Cause of death is yet to be determined and there is nothing in the room he was found in to suggest foul play.

Take this for what it's for, but Reddit is one of those places where breaking stories to tend to happen. If this is true that either the pilot of the plane Lynch and Bill Clinton met up on last summer is missing or dead, then we possibly have the third Clinton body showing up in the last week.

If true with all these deaths connected to the Clinton's this week with Klaus Eberwein a Haiti official found dead in Miami who exposed the Clinton Foundation in Haiti, then Republican donor Peter Smith found dead in a suicide who was trying to get his hands on Hillary's missing emails, and now the pilot of the plane Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton met on being reported dead on Reddit...Then it sounds like the Clinton family is very scared of something in the past week. If this pilot has truly gone missing or dead as reported on Reddit, then this means the Clinton's are very afraid of something coming out to say the least.