Sure, Oprah Winfrey may be a success in a lot of fields but if she isn’t giving everyone in the room a car she’s just another liberal who at the end of the day is seemingly on a collision course to try and alienate as many people as possible.

If her soaring-yet-vacuous speech at the Golden Globes was any indication, Oprah Winfrey is taking the idea of a presidential run seriously. And, if polls are any indication, Democrats are taking a possible Oprah run seriously, too.

If she runs, Oprah certainly won’t be the first celebrity to throw her hat into the presidential race. After all, with Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump (not to mention several famous generals), there’s plenty of precedent for making the jump from stardom to the West Wing.

However, there is at least one first that Oprah can lay claim to, should she decide run: She would be the first presidential candidate to ever say that a segment of the electorate “just (has) to die.”

Come again? Yes, it seems that Oprah wasn’t too keen on old people she felt were “marinated” in hate. So, during a 2013 interview with the BBC, she said that generation — at least, she implied, its white membership — needed to kick the bucket in order for progress to be made.

The interview occurred as Oprah was on a publicity tour for the movie “Lee Daniels’ The Butler,” in which she plays the wife of a black White House butler. (A movie which, for what it’s worth, was released by The Weinstein Company; Winfrey’s relationship with the disgraced media mogul/accused rapist is yet another hurdle for a prospective Oprah 2020 candidacy.)

During the BBC interview, she was asked whether some Americans opposed the policies of then-President Obama because they were racist, according to the Washington Examiner.

That little demagogic softball was de rigueur for interviewers at the time, so the line of questioning certainly wasn’t anything unique. Oprah’s answer, however, was definitely of a singular nature.

“Of course the problem (of racism) is not solved,” Oprah said: “As long as there are people who still — there’s a whole generation — I say this, you know, I said this, you know, for apartheid, South Africa, I said this for my own, you know, for my own community in the South — there are still generations of people, older people, who were born and bred and marinated in it, in that prejudice and racism, and they just have to die.”

Well, that’s one way to court older voters.

Nobody is denying that there are racists both in the United States and abroad, and supporters of apartheid in South Africa or Jim Crow in the South definitely qualify. That said, I’d like to shift gears for a moment here; it’s worth noting the slight coincidence that Monday was the day commemorating the apostle of nonviolence, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.