Specifically, Michigan Rep. John Conyers and his fellow CBC members have “re-introduced legislation that would set up a commission to consider whether reparations should be paid to black Americans for slavery,” according to the Washington Examiner.

Conyers has reportedly been proposing the bill every year for at least two decades. As noted by the Examiner, the bill would also consider the prospect of the federal government issuing a formal apology for the “racial and economic discrimination against African-Americans.”

This despite the fact that slavery was outlawed over 150 years ago and not every white American’s ancestors partook in the hideous trade — or were even in the country at the time.

Moreover, according to The Root magazine, known for its usually unapologetically pro-black stance on the issues, even some free black Americans “bought and sold other black people, and did so at least since 1654, continuing to do so right through the Civil War.”

And even one of the most leftist papers in existence, The New York Times, admitted two years ago that were a reparations bill passed into law, payments would “have to come from taxpayers, who have no culpability for those past crimes and little, if any, of the benefit.”

Unless the government were to use only the funds of white taxpayers, which would be inherently racist, reparations would therefore be funded by Americans of all races, including black Americans.

The bill was to all intents and purposes economically unfeasible, historically inaccurate and a royal waste of time — one likely rooted in animosity as well as ignorance.

Over 150 years have passed since America’s darkest days, and within that time frame, the nation has become one of the most tolerant countries on Earth, as reported three years ago by The Washington Post:

As bad as slavery was — and there’s no arguing that it was a horrific national sin — the time has long since come to let the issue go. That would certainly be better than flogging a dead horse — one that ought to be long buried in this day and age.

Please share this story on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about the Congressional Black Caucus renewing its efforts to impose reparations on the nation!