This week, TIME magazine featured a picture of a crying illegal immigrant child on its cover. The child was supposedly separated from her parents; over her looms Donald Trump, smugly staring down at her.

TIME’s new cover: ‘Welcome to America’ pic.twitter.com/AioggFYKUj

— Antonio Arellano (@AntonioArellano) June 21, 2018

There’s only one problem: the cover is total bull. It’s not just total bull because Trump hasn’t implemented a newly-developed policy of separating children from parents – that’s an operation of law under the Flores settlement as modified by a 2016 Ninth Circuit court ruling. It’s bull because this particular child wasn’t separated from her mother, her mother wasn’t fleeing persecution but did falsely claim asylum, her mother did put the child in danger, and Trump was targeted by the media for treating this mother and child exactly the same way the Obama administration would have.

Here’s the real story.

The little girl is from Honduras. She wasn’t separated from her mother; she was crying because her mother was crossing illegally into the United States and the little girl was “tired and thirsty,” according to Border Patrol.

The photo of a Honduran girl crying as she and her mom are detained in Texas has grabbed worldwide attention and come to symbolize the debate about separating kids from their parents. Only on @CBSThisMorning, the border agent shows us what happened moments before it was taken: pic.twitter.com/T0owt3kvf7

— CBS News (@CBSNews) June 22, 2018

Here’s Reuters reporting:

The Honduran toddler pictured sobbing in a pink jacket before U.S. President Donald Trump on an upcoming cover of Time magazine was not separated from her mother at the U.S. border, according to a man who says he is the girl's father… "My daughter has become a symbol of the ... separation of children at the U.S. border. She may have even touched President Trump's heart," Denis Valera told Reuters in a telephone interview. Valera said the little girl and her mother, Sandra Sanchez, have been detained together in the Texas border town of McAllen, where Sanchez has applied for asylum, and they were not separated after being detained near the border. Honduran deputy foreign minister Nelly Jerez confirmed Valera's version of events.

So, why did the mother take off for America? According to dad, she ditched her three other children because she wanted better economic opportunities.

Yet this photo was passed around endlessly, and was used by various human rights groups to raise cash for their anti-Trump efforts. Remember, the same media organizations promoting this photo tore into Trump for using footage of migrants in Morocco rather than at the southern border to push his anti-illegal immigration agenda.

The media have spent the last several years believing that Americans dislike them only because President Trump has somehow manipulated them. That isn’t true. Trump merely took advantage of the fact that the media have utterly undermined their own credibility, and continue to do so each day. No wonder Trump loves the media: they’re doing him the favor of demonstrating their continuing bias by promoting actual fake news on a regular basis.