President Donald Trump, under mounting political pressure from angry members of his own party, signed an executive order Wednesday reversing his administration's policy of separating children from their parents at the border and allowing families to instead be detained together.

"It's about keeping families together while ensuring we have a powerful border," Trump said.

Trump said the order "will solve that problem" of children being separated from their parents, but that it wouldn't end his administration's "zero tolerance" policy of charging everyone who attempts to cross the U.S.-Mexico border illegally. The practice has led to thousands of migrant children, some under a year old, being split from their parents or legal guardians and housed in detention centers.

"I didn't like the sight or the feeling of families being separated," Trump said.

The executive order won't stop the detention of children — or Trump's "zero tolerance" policy of charging people with a misdemeanor for entering the country illegally — but will allow them to be held with their parents pending "any criminal improper entry or immigration proceedings involving their members."

The order directs the agency to "prioritize" hearings for families in detention to speed up processing and also directs Attorney General Jeff Sessions to file a request in federal court to modify a longstanding federal court decree — known as the "Flores settlement" — that prohibits the government from holding children in detention for longer than 20 days.

Such a modification would allow DHS "to detain alien families together" throughout pending criminal proceedings for improperly entering the country or other immigration proceedings, according to the order.

The Alabama-based Southern Poverty Law Center said Trump's reversal still amounts to treating families like criminals by holding them in detention facilities.

A statement from the president of the organization, Richard Cohen, says there are other alternatives available. And it says indiscriminate enforcement is "shattering" communities across the country.

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said the order "seeks to replace one form of child abuse with another."

"Instead of protecting traumatized children, the president has directed his attorney general to pave the way for the long-term incarceration of families in prison-like conditions," Pelosi said in a statement.

Under the order, the Defense Department must also provide and, "if necessary," construct facilities to house and care for the families.

Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says the Pentagon will "respond if requested" to house migrants detained after crossing the U.S.-Mexico border illegally.