The website Neon Nettle recently wrote an article about the strange circumstances surrounding the deaths of a handful of doctors from Florida, which all shared a common trait – they discovered that nagalase enzyme protein was being added to vaccines which were then administrated to humans. And what does this enzyme do?

It prevents our body from producing vitamin D – our main defense from cancer!

Thebigriddle.com says that “Nagalase is a protein that’s also created by all cancer cells. This protein is also found in very high concentrations in autistic children.” Why would they be putting this harmful ingredient in our vaccines?

The enzyme prevents our body from synthesizing vitamin D and vitamin D is crucial in the fight against cancer and prevents autism. Nagalese is also known to undermine the immune system and has been linked to Type 2 Diabetes. This proves that these doctors weren’t killed because they’ve found the cure to cancer or some other disease, they were killed because their research would have exposed Big Pharma and the fact that they’re injecting our children with harmful cancer and autism causing vaccines.

It can’t be a coincidence. It must have been done knowingly because the doctors that were killed in Florida were working together and were preparing to go public with what they’ve discovered. Unfortunately, they were silenced before they were able to inform the public about this scandalous conspiracy.

This is Depopulation 101 – adding poison to vaccines and forcing every parent to have his kid vaccinated as a condition for attending school. These are their ‘slow kill’ methods and I must say they’re working. More and more children are being diagnosed with autism and cancer and we’re being fooled into believing it’s all caused by pollution, unhealthy diets, and the modern way of life.

Dr. Ted Broer was willing to go public with what he’s discovered on The Hagmann & Hagmann Report but they were having difficulties getting their show on air. For an hour they couldn’t resolve the issue, every time they did the line kept disconnecting and their servers were eventually brought down. They finally managed to get him on a secure line and the first thing Dr.Broer said was “I am not suicidal”. He kept pointing this out in case if someone tried to take him out and make it look like a suicide. He was scared that he won’t be able to tell his story and inform the general public but luckily for us he did.