For those old enough to remember the election of a young and vibrant JFK, or perhaps the tragic drowning death of 28-year-old Mary Jo Kopechne, on Chappaquiddick Island, the name “Kennedy” ignites many emotions regarding this iconic political yet complex dynasty.

For some it was the era of “Camelot” and the expectations of idyllic principles and visionary achievements, yet for others, it was the murky waters on the night of July 18th, 1969, and the cowardly act of running away and the ensuing cover-up that followed.

On Tuesday night another Kennedy made his debut to the American people following President Trump’s triumphant address to the nation.

The young freckled face redhead had all the family mannerisms of the famous family clan especially that of his grandfather Robert F. Kennedy, however the question that quickly came to mind is which Kennedy will eventually emerge the one who stared down the Russians during the Cuban missile crisis or the one who allowed a young girl to drown, suffocating slowly for over 40-minutes before her air-pocket finally gave out.

Joe Kennedy was tasked with giving the traditional Democratic response, standing on a makeshift stage inside a garage type enclosure and browning his grandfather’s casual dress code the 37-year old began to speak with that same Bostonian twang stating boldly; “Build a wall and my generation will tear it down!”

Referencing, of course, the presidents promise to build a “big beautiful border wall.”

Kennedy continued: “Bullies may land a punch. They might leave a mark. But they have never, not once, in the history of our United States, managed to match the strength and spirit of a people united in defense of their future.”

It was indeed a powerful Kennedy type speech with all the drama and theatrics of a young Barack Obama, and just as disingenuous. In that when it comes to border security the Kennedy Compound boasts quite an impressive “BORDER WALL” of its own surrounding the entire estate, which makes this Joe perhaps more aligned with Uncle Teddy, then with Uncle Jack.