News 8 – The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has announced that it has approved pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson’s request to produce and sell tranquilizer dart guns specially developed to put kids to sleep. The alleged new medical device would allow parents to put a child to sleep within four seconds, and is said to have no serious long-term consequences on the child’s health.

This new tool, designed to aid parents with their children, is said to have a practical reach estimated between 30 to 40 m with drugging effects lasting between 6 to 8 hours per injection. However, Johnson & Johnson advises parents not to use the tranquilizer gun more than 3 to 4 times per day, per child, to prevent any physical dependence to the medical device.

“There has been a high demand for such a device for years now,” explains Ernie Knewitz, Media Relations Vice President of Johnson & Johnson. “We have tested over hundreds of recipes to finally find one that doesn’t cause too much damage to the brain despite regular use.”

The tranquilizer darts will be available in three different sizes; from 0 to 5 years old, from 5 to 12 years old, and from 12 years old and over. The device will be made available to the public November, 2015.

Many non-governmental health organizations, along with drug addiction centers, have since denounced the FDA’s decision to authorize the production of such a medical device. They have qualified the darts as a “dangerous solution” and says a revision is to be expected against the FDA’s decision before the courts and tribunals.

“It is totally unacceptable to think that we are going to start shooting our kids with dart guns and drug them just because their parents are cowards and can’t take care of their kids,” explains Doug Roush, VP of Children’s Aid Society, a private charitable organization providing foster care.

Despite the important controversies surrounding this device, Johnson & Johnson says they will move forward in November, just in time for the holidays, with the sale of this much-needed tool.