Klaus Eberwein former Haitian government official was found dead earlier this week in a motel room with a gunshot wound to the head. The Miami-Dade medical examiner called it a suicide.

What makes this case interesting is that Eberwein was set to testify against the Clinton Foundation.

Miami Herald reported that he was found dead Tuesday in a motel room in South Dade. The case was ruled by the Miami-Dade medical examiner as a suicide.

Veronica Lamar, who is a records supervisor at the Miami-Dade medical examiner’s office stated that he has shot himself in the head.

Gilbert Bailly, a Muncheez’s owner said that this was shocking as he was like family and that they grew up together.

Bailly said that they spoke two weeks earlier and he was alright then. He said that they were collaborating to open a Muncheez restaurant in Sunrise.

During and after his mandate as a government official, Eberwein has faced many allegations of corruption and fraud on how the funds were administered by the agency he runs. FAES’ oversight of the very poor construction of a number of schools built after the earthquake that has left Haiti in ruins, was among the issues.

On Tuesday Eberwein was set to appear before the Haitian Senate’s Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission, which was confirmed by the commission’s head, Sen. Evalière Beauplan. This commission investigates the PetroCaribe funds management of the discounted oil program of Venezuela whose money are received by Haiti.

Strange how people related to Clinton end up dead. Several DNC-related people ended up dead over the summer of 2016.

On July 3, 2016, the filmmaker Ricardo Villaba and Shawn Lucas served the DNC Services Corp. and Chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz at the headquarters of the DNC in Washington, D.C., in the fraud class action lawsuit against the Democrat Party on behalf of the supporters of Bernie Sanders.

After that Shawn Lucas was found dead.

The Democratic staffer Seth Conrad Rich was also killed in Washington DC on July 10th. The killer or killers have not taken anything from their victim, and his watch, wallet and his phone were intact.

And on June 22, 2016, John Ashe, who is a former official of the United Nations “accidentally” crushed his throat and died a week before he was set to testify against the Clintons and the Democratic Party.

It all seems like a strange coincidence.