AUSTIN, Tex. — Law enforcement officials made an unusual direct appeal on Sunday to whoever was responsible for three deadly package explosions that have kept the capital of Texas on edge. They called publicly for the bomber or bombers to contact the police so officials can learn more about the “message” behind the attacks.

“These events in Austin have garnered worldwide attention, and we assure you that we are listening,” the Austin police chief, Brian Manley, said in addressing the unknown bomber or bombers at a news conference on Sunday. “We want to understand what brought you to this point, and we want to listen to you.”

Chief Manley told reporters that he hoped the person or people responsible were watching, and that they would get in touch by calling 911 or reaching out online. He said investigators had not established a motive for the explosive packages.

“There’s the message behind what’s happening in our community, and we’re not going to understand that until the suspect or suspects reaches out to us to talk to us about what that message was,” Chief Manley said. “We still do not know what ideology may be behind this and what the motive was behind this.”

Three separate bombings this month in the eastern and northeastern parts of the city have left two people dead and a third seriously wounded. In each case, the victims handled packages that were left on their doorsteps and were outfitted with homemade but sophisticated explosive devices.

Officials said the first bombing on March 2, on Haverford Drive, and two more on March 12, on Oldfort Hill Drive and Galindo Street, were connected. None of the packages were mailed. Instead, they were apparently placed directly near the doors of homes for the victims to find. In two cases, the bombs detonated when the victims picked them up; in the third, the package exploded after it had been carried inside and opened.

More than 500 federal agents are assisting the investigation from agencies including the F.B.I. and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Fred Milanowski, the A.T.F. special agent in charge of its Houston division, said he believed that the same person built all three devices.

“Every bomber that makes these leaves a signature,” Mr. Milanowski said. “Obviously, once they find something successful for them, they don’t want to deviate from that because they don’t want something to blow up on them.”

Mr. Milanowski said a degree of skill was required to assemble, transport and deliver the devices without an accidental explosion. He declined to identify the materials that were used to make them.

An F.B.I. vehicle parked near the scene of an explosion last week. More than 500 agents from several federal agencies are assisting the Austin police in the investigation. Credit Tamir Kalifa for The New York Times
“It wouldn’t be a typical household that would have all these components, but I would say that all the components are commercially available,” he said.

Since March 12, the day when two bombings occurred, anxious residents have reported hundreds of suspicious packages to the authorities; Austin police officers have responded to 735 such calls. Officials have continued to urge residents to call 911 if they receive a package that they were not expecting and that did not appear to have been delivered by the Postal Service or a legitimate commercial service like U.P.S. or FedEx.

Law enforcement officials said they were looking for possible links to similar residential package bombings across the country.