US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un met for the first time in Singapore on Tuesday, June 12 (local time). This moment is for the history book since it is the first time that a US president and a leader of North Korea meet. What makes it more interesting for Filipinos is that Trump invited Kim to visit the Philippines, and meet President Rodrigo Duterte.

The two world leaders met at the Capella hotel on Sentosa Island in Singapore and shook hands before talking briefly to the media before a display of American and North Korean flags. It was an obvious warm welcome for each other, with Trump tapping Kim’s back as he leads the North Korean Leader in the corridor to a private room.

Trump and Kim had a short one-on-one talk with interpreters, and will later be joined by their respective advisers. Expected to be present during their bilateral meeting include Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, US Chief of Staff John Kelly, US National Security Adviser John Bolton and the US Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim.

According to reports, both of them aim to ease diplomatic tensions and the threat of a nuclear confrontation. Both camps are expected to craft a joint US-North Korea "statement of understanding" that could be released after the talks. Nevertheless, Trump said a single talk might not be enough for him and Kim to discuss the issues.

The Philippines is not directly involved in the Trump-Kim summit. But recently, government officials have expressed their concerns on North Korea’s nuclear-related activities. So far, the Philippines, under President Duterte and the US under President Trump have pledged to work together to end North Korea’s missile and nuclear programs.

As of this moment, the Trump-Kim meeting is still ongoing. But according to a Filipino aide of Ambassador Kim, the US president mentioned to the North Korean Leader a few details of his visit to the Philippines in November 2017. The aide, who requested anonymity, added that President Trump invited Kim Jong-Un to visit the country to meet President Duterte.