We all had that moment in our lives, where we realized that someone has it worst than we do, right? And that could be the case for the black people a few decades ago.

The United States since its infancy has had problems with slaves since the British purchased African prisoners from the tribes and brought them over to the United States to force them to work.

However, since those times, we’ve come a long way as a society, on December 18th, 1865 after the Union secured a victory against the Confederation, and abolished slavery.

The journey since then has been slow and at times painful, however, I think we can all agree, as Americans, that African Americans have had the same opportunities and chances as the rest of the people living here, however, some people do not want equality, they want privilege.

The student government association at a University in Kentucky, have voted to recommend that the university makes tuition “free” for all the black students attending the college.

The argument made is that slavery is “a debt that will never be paid”

“If you really care about diversity, if you really care about inclusion, if you really care about making this campus safe and accessible to everybody, having the student government’s support of reparation for black students would be amazing,” said student Andrea Ambam, a co-author of the resolution.

It is indeed true that we should be ashamed of what happened in the past, however, how much are the lives of regular African American people being affected by those events today? 

How long have the people of America been paying for this crime, how much punishment is enough? If they were being treated as they were 90 years ago, yes, we should be all for it. However, we must take into account that what these people suffered through can’t be paid back by anyone, it’s over, it’s in the past, this is just another example of white guilt and entitlement by these students.

In America, every individual has equal opportunities, asking for others to repay something that they had nothing to do with, is a bit too much. What these people fail to see is that they are doing the exact thing the African slave owners did, thinking that someone else has to work for free for them.