There is a startling link between those who lead a wholesome, vaccine free lifestyle and a low rate of autism, as shown in the Amish community.
An ironic link has emerged highlighting the fact that those of us in the Western world who have an abundance of ‘healthcare’ including vaccines and a higher rate of certain disorders, such as Autism.

The link between vaccines and autism has been explored for many years now, and this data strengthens further the relationship. The rate of autism in the un-vaccinated Amish is so low that there have only been three cases reported, and of those three, 2 were known to be vaccinated children.

The astonishing link is expalined away by the pharmaceutical industry as the Amish possessing a ‘super gene’ which gives them immunity against certain conditions, but their livelihood depends on selling drungs, including vaccines, so it is apparent they are concerned with keeping the public in the dark regarding such matters.

It is reported that the Amish are being hounded by health officials to change their way of life and to succumb to the vaccine, but so far they have thankfully uphelp their archaic traditions and have said no.

Many of the illnesses children get vaccinated against are diseases that are simply not around any more. Children as a rule get vaccinated against polio, when the last known case of polio was in Peru in 1991.

One case in 2005 saw an ‘outbreak’ of polio in the stools of four Amish children, however the children had been vaccinated, meaning the presence of the disease was actually the vaccine itself. The strain of polio was a chemically-inactive version which was caused by the minute dose found inside the vaccine.

“During the polio epidemics, it was found that people who had their tonsils removed were 3 – 5 times more likely to develop paralysis... There were many at that time that suggested that polio was an iatrogenic disease [caused by the medical establishment] ... we caused thousands of cases of paralysis. We did not cause the polio, but we converted people who would have recovered from a viral illness into people with a paralytic illness.”

– Dr. Mark Donohoe