It seems like every year, teenagers find a new viral “challenge” to partake in. Remember planking? Or the invisible step challenge? And could anyone forget the Tide Pod challenge? The latest teen fad to concern parents is the so-called “condom challenge” wherein teens film themselves snorting condoms and then post the videos to social media.

Yep, you read that right: For the challenge, a teen will supposedly inhale a condom through a nostril and pull it out of their mouth. Not only does that sound really gross (and like the waste of a perfectly good condom!), it is—of course—dangerous.

But here’s the good news: It’s unclear how many teens are actually trying the condom challenge, meaning it’s not really a “viral challenge” that we need to worry about at present. The Daily Beast noted that most of the YouTube videos about the condom challenge were posted five to 10 years ago. The Washington Post has a breakdown of how the story went viral as news despite the videos being, well, old. The Post reports that the last reported condom inhalation incident, according to the U.S. Poison Control Centers, was in 2014, and Snopes calls the story “mostly false.”

Let’s hope it’s a fad of the past, in that case. If the media attention—our initial reporting on this included—has had the unfortunate result of piquing a renewed interest in this risky challenge, however, here’s what you should know about it.

Your nose is not designed for things to go up it, and condoms are no exception.

“It’s not generally a good idea to put anything in your nose that doesn’t belong there,” Dr. David Hiltzik, director of otolaryngology at Staten Island University Hospital in New York, told Live Science in a 2017 interview about the dangers of snorting chocolate powder.

Anything snorted up the nose can irritate the nose, throat and lungs, all of which can be potentially dangerous. (The exception here would be medication prescribed by your doctor, such as a nasal spray for allergies.)

Condoms could also get stuck inside your lungs. Sound farfetched? A 27-year-old woman who accidentally inhaled a condom during sexual activity ended up with a collapsed lung.

In other words: yikes.