A former nurse, Elizabeth Mwewa, has confessed her sins on her hospital bed - The former nurse who is suffering from cancer revealed that she has exchanged about 5000 babies while working at the hospital.

The retiree said that it had become a habit and she used to do it for fun. The sick nurse is now confessing and asking God for forgiveness. Nurses are seen as caregivers in the hospital and patients are supposed to feel safe and taken care of in their charge.

However, some nurses have proven to be the devil in human form.

This Zambian nurse, Elizabeth Mwewa, has confessed her sins on her sick bed as she asked God for forgiveness. The nurse who used to work at The University Teaching Hospital (UTH) in Zambia confessed that she has exchanged over 5000 babies during her service.

I swapped about 5,000 Babies in 12 years I worked in the maternity ward at UTH - Elizabeth Mwewa Source: UGC "I have terminal cancer and I know I will be dying soon. I wish to confess my sins before God and before all the affected people especially those who were giving birth at UTH during my service.

I have found God, I am now born again. I have nothing to hide, In the 12 years I worked in the maternity ward at UTH, I swapped close to 5000 babies," Zambian Observer reports Mwewa added that it became a habit and she used to do it for the fun.

According to her, she carried out the act for a duration of 12 years as she worked at the maternity ward of the hospital.

The sick woman explained that she is now born again and has nothing to hide. She also added that she has sinned against God and Zambians and would not want to go to hell for her past sins.

"I know I sinned against God and may he forgive me for that. I am also asking Zambians to forgive me for the evil things I was doing to innocent children. I have caused some faithful couples to divorce after going for DNA Tests. It's now that I have realized I was just being used by a demon to do that. I have caused many mothers to breastfeed children who are not theirs biologically. I don't want to go to Hell for that, Am really sorry I have sinned alot. Please forgive me."

According to Zambian Observer, Mwewa also added that kids born between 1983 to 1995 at the hospital should check themselves particularly if they look different from their other siblings. “If you were born in UTH between the years 1983 to 1995 chances are your parents may not be your biological parents. I had developed a habit of swapping newly born babies just for fun.

So take a good look at your siblings, if for example everyone is light and you are darkie... you are that child and I am really sorry for that.” Nawa o. It is strange how someone can think swapping babies is fun.

The following article was extracted from its source as is with no modification added.

WHAT IF the allegations were to be true that some if not all the babies got swapped at birth.

Let's think on this for a second and vision the catastrophe this could cause.